---
layout: post
title: Angular.js
---

{{ page.title }}
==========

Woah! Two posts in two day!

As the title say this is about Angular. I just did Code School's angular.js tutorial. I've kind of used angular before for a school projects, but I didn't mess with it too much because a member of my team knew it better. So, he did most of the controller stuff. I've also attempted to do the tutorial on the angularjs website. It's been awhile since I've done it, but if I remember correctly it was a lot of reading (which I didn't do very much of), and at the time it was hard to understand because I was trying to translate it into a project I wanted to do rather than just run through the tutorial. I may try it again and see how things go, but the Code School's tutorial was a load of fun and easy to understand. You first watch a video (that you can speed up, which is a godsend), and then you do these challenges which is pretty much building an app. Nothing is done in an IDE or text editor, it's all done through your browser. It will also give you hints if you're stuck or you can go back and watch the video if you're not sure what to do. The only thing is that Code School has limited free classes and then you have to pay $29 a month to get access to all the courses. Depending on how my proctoring job goes and how busy I am, it may be worth it to purchase it for the rest of the summer. I also plan on trying out Code Academy's php tutorial. Will let you know how that goes when the time comes.

As you can see I've been doing a lot of web developer things, and I've figured out it's kind of the direction I want to go after college. The only thing that sucks is all this will have to be self taught because my university doesn't really focus on front-end designers or web developers. It has a high focus on software engineering, security, and mobile app development.

Until next time. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night.

Ashley