---
layout: post
title: 5am post
---

{{ page.title }}
==========

Well as the title says, it's 5am right now and I'm still awake. Not really sure if it's from the lingering caffeine from the coffee I had earlier, or the busy mind, or maybe it has something to do with the fact that I slept in till about noon. I'd like to think it's the caffeine though.

Well we're 2 days into summer session 2 and proctoring hasn't been so bad. They're just learning basic stuff right now, but I'm excited for them to get to the PL/SQL and the APEX project. I think I'm most excited about this portion of the class because I had the most trouble coming up with question for the PL/SQL chapters of their book, and PL/SQL is pretty awesome, as well as the APEX material. I've only had one day of office hours so far but that has also gone well. I'm just so nervous that I made a mistake on writing the homework's or I'm going to get asked a question a question that I don't know or that I go completely blank on.

Update on the database project. I've moved/migrated to APEXEA 2 (or APEX 5.2 or whatever you want to call it). There are still some bugs since it's still kind of in Beta/Early Access, but I'd say it's a lot easier to use than APEX 4. I think I might write a tutorial on how to set up a setValue sort of thing for a datepicker because for one, pretty much all the tutorials are in APEX 4, and when I was looking for results, it was using JavaScript. The way I set it up, I just use minimal PL/SQL and dynamic actions. But I made a lot of progress on the OC database tonight/this morning. I was extremely glad I got the item availability feature working. It's so the customer can choose a date that want to checkout their equipment and they'll be able to see what equipment is available. There are some other things I could add on to it; like being able to check a range of date and being able to select what you're looking for (i.e tents, sleeping equipment, sporting equipment, drink/food equipment and etc). I really hope I'll be able to get things done by the end of the summer, but it seems like the proctor job will be quite a lot of work since I'm the only assistant

Well I hope this wasn't too much of me rambling, and wasn't all some sort of word vomit or something. I'm off to lay in bed to figure out if it's even worth it to try and go to sleep or to try and stay awake all day to try and get back on a normal sleep schedule.

Till next time, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night

Ashley