---
layout: post
title: School, school, school
---

{{ page.title }}
============

Sorry I've been absent for a bit, school has been quite busy with projects and tests. I should probably be doing other stuff rather than writing this, but I needed a break anyways. Well I've submitted a few internship applications, I've only heard back from one, but it was only for a coding challenge. Hopefully though, that is a good sign and that they're interested in hiring me, and that it will get an interview later on.

School has been busy. There's a couple of things I'd like to do; like side projects or extensions to class projects, but I just don't have the time. Like I'd like to update my portfolio page (I think I mentioned that in an earlier post). As well as make a GUI for my computer vision class for disparity maps. The assignment was to make a stereo image, the problem was that the opencv stereo function had A LOT of parameters that you had to tweak to get the image looking good. So we were advised to maybe make a GUI to do this, but my group couldn't get it working, and the ones we found were pretty specific to their own set up, so we just manually changed the values. I really want to work on these projects, but I just don't want to mess up my sleep schedule. If you know me, then you know that last semester my sleep schedule was just awful. It shouldn't even be called a sleep schedule, it was more of a nap schedule. Sometimes I'd go to sleep at like 4 or 5 in the morning and get up for like an 11AM class. Go back to my apartment and then take like a 3 or 4 hour "nap". Wake up at like 10 or 11PM and get some homework done. There'd be some days I'd just complete flip my schedule around, like I'd be awake at night and be asleep during the day. This semester I have a pretty good sleep schedule going on. I go to sleep at like midnight and wake up anywhere between 8 and 10am.

Well, need to get back to studying, got a security test this Friday.

Until next time, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night

Ashley