---
layout: post
title: Summer
---

We'll a lot of opportunities have presented itself to me for this summer, and I have been teaching myself LaTeX, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery, and web development. I pretty much finished LaTeX about a week ago; I feel like I have the basics down and everything else I will need to know to write documentation files. I used these sites to teach myself LaTeX; [Reddit](http://latex101.wikispaces.com/) and [Washington & Jefferson College](http://www2.washjeff.edu/users/rhigginbottom/latex/main.html). Now as for everything else, I've only done the HTML5 and CSS3 Murach book, and the exercises are pretty simple and straight forward.

Now on to my summer opportunities. First opportunity, after taking a data management class I decided to build and design a database for my school's Outdoor Rental Center. The rental center handles rentals for a number of outdoor equipment and currently uses a paper system for contracts and excel pages for reservations. I've been working on this project since I got home after finals. I've gotten a lot of the main features done. Right now I'm working on a trigger to update a contract reservation cost from the itemized cost of all the items the customer is reserving. I'm using Oracle's Application Express to build this database and the plan right now is that I will design the database and then send the IT department my design and they will implement it into their own system.

Second opportunity, I will be proctoring for the data management class I took for this coming summer. I'm really excited for this opportunity because it's my first computer science related job.

Third opportunity, I will be working on another database for my schools business contract system. What they do is if a department needs to lease out say a local high school they go through the business contract system. They currently use Microsoft Access to log all their contracts and we'll be working in Oracle's Application Express 5 do build their database.

I kind of feel like I have a lot on my plate, but I'm still really excited for all these opportunities.

Well until next time,

good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night where ever you may be

Ashley