---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 7
category: cs371p
---

Test one is over and done with. It wasn't as hard as I remember them in SWE. I definitely knew all the material on the test, nothing came as a surprise, but there could be a few tricky things he asked that I didn't catch or some off by one errors. Hopefully, the graders are not that mean about those kinds of mistakes, because I feel like the overall algorithm and structure of my code is correct. But other than that, I feel pretty good about the test, I think (and hope) that I passed. Whether that's with a C or an A, only time will tell. I was also kind of surprised he didn't ask questions about some things we covered, such as const, pointers and references, and writing unit tests. 
Just to get an idea of how I studied for this test, I probably started studying a week or five days before the test. In class we covered a few algorithms, such as: all_of(), accumulate(), transform() and etc. I wrote all of the algorithms we were told to know on my own, as well as wrote a few unit test for each. We also learned how to write classes and sub-classes (iterators) that overwrote certain operators, such as: ==, ++ (pre and post), !=, etc. In class we wrote our own Range and Range_Iterator class and I rewrote those as well as writing my own Stack and Stack_Iterator class.

Here is the [repo I used](https://bitbucket.org/ashley_ng/cs371p-test1/src), some of it is essentially a copy paste of what is in the class repo, and others are not really complete or working. 

Tip Of The Week: [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/)
I was introduced first to GitHub, and it's probably the more popular of the two. But BitBucket is also a version control service. The difference between the two is that you have to pay on GitHub to have private repos, but you don't have a limit to the number of people that can contribute. On the other hand, BitBucket allows unlimited number of private repos, but limits the number of users who can contribute to a private repo on their free tier. But with an academic email, you can get the unlimited tier, but I'm not sure if there's an expiration date like the academic account on github. It's definitely a good service to use if you want to keep those class projects, but have to keep them private, don't want to have to delete them, have to store them on an external drive, or have to take up space on your computer.
