---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 5
category: cs371p
---

This week was career fair week. Most people freaking about if their resume was good, what they should put on their resume, about researching companies, and let's not forget, about getting all the free t-shirts. This year I had the privilege of being on the other side of the career fair. I got to help out the company I interned for over the summer ([Hudl](www.hudl.com)) at their booth. It was pretty cool to be able to talk to other people about how awesome Hudl is. Then later on in the week, we had our Voting project due. I think I've said this in an earlier post, but a lot of Professor Downing's projects require you to turn in a lot of things. And it made me question, what is the point of turning in some of them? For example we have to turn in the SHA of the most recent commit as well as all the commits in the repo in a .log file. I guess the SHA makes it easier to grade what was actually turned in. People could try to get around the deadline by just committing stuff afterwards. And the .log file for just making sure we have more than 5 commits, but I feel like both of those things could easily be done by just going to the repo and checking the commits anyways.
We have our first test in the class in about two weeks. I know Professor Downing has kind of changed the format of his test since I last took him. Before he would have questions over the readings and last I heard, he decided to do away with that and just have question about code and such. I guess we'll just have to see what happens with that but I guess it doesn't hurt to go over the readings again. For one some of them are short and then there have been some students who have been posting notes to the readings as well as class lectures.

Tip Of The Week: If you're wanting to learn some iOS or OSX development, and online resource I recommend is [Ray Wenderlich's webiste](http://www.raywenderlich.com/). He has a lot of good iOS tutorials. I definitely referenced his site quite a few times when I was learning about iOS development.