---
layout: post
title: Sorry for the absense
---

Sorry it's been awhile. I've just been really busy with school, and when I did want to write, I didn't have any idea what to write about, or I started writing and my post wasn't going in the direction I wanted it to. So this post is just going to be an update on school stuff.

School has been as school usually goes. I have a OS test this Wednesday, and I'm feeling ok about it. I feel like I've definitely done a lot more studying for this test then my first one. As for my iOS class, that's going ok as well. Me and my partner have a lot done on the app. I also plan on working on another app to log my swim workouts as a side project. I don't plan on putting it on the app store though, because I feel like how I log my workouts is very specific to me. I kind of started back up on my vision project of the panoramic stitching, and been working on the cylindrical projection aspect of it. I only just started looking at it again yesterday, so I haven't made any progress. I'm also thinking I may want to try as switch over to the C++ side of opencv, there's just a lot more things you can do with the C++ side than with the python side.

I think that's pretty much all the school related stuff going on. I haven't forgotten about the internship post I said I was going to do. Hopefully that will be posted in the next week or so, I just want to make sure I have everything in before I make an overview on that.

Until next time, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!

Ashley