---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 11
category: cs371p
---

What a week. Weeks like this make me sooo ready for graduating and going to work in industry, where you only worry about work from nine to five. This week Darwin was due, and me and my partner had to essentially get it done a day early because she was going out of town the day it was due. As I said in my last blog, I think the thing that made this project really difficult was that we just had a lot of freedom to do what we wanted. As well as figuring out some restrictions, such as no getters or setters, and making good design decisions, such as not having everything public. I suggest you plan out what you want to do before hand. Like how do you want to keep track of your creatures in Darwin. How you want to keep track of the instructions in species, and what is the proper way for all of them to communicate. 
But we are so close to being done for the semester, I cannot believe we only have one month of school left. We only have one more project that is due the week before Thanksgiving break, and then we have our last test when we get back. At this point just need to make sure I finish strong. I did not do as well as I'd thought on the first test and I am concerned about a few things on Darwin, but just need to make sure I pass my classes and graduate at this point.




Tip Of The Week:  Take it one day at a time, and take care of your self

We all have those days (or weeks) where we just have so many things due, or have three tests in a single day. Just take it one day at time, plan things out before hand, and take care of your body. There are times we all need to have the pick-me up of a Redbull, Monster, coffee, or whatever you have to caffinate. But make sure you listen to your body and don't over caffinate. Your body is trying to tell you, you need sleep. And you never know, you might be better off taking a 2 hour nap rather than having your 3rd redbull of the day.