---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 9
category: cs371p
---

We finished the third project this week. I decided to work by myself for this assignment and it wasn't that bad. I got through it, but it would of been nice to have someone else there to talk through some logic. I don't think it was any more difficult than the previous projects, but the next project is apparently the hardest. My partner and I are thinking of starting early, so I'm hoping we can get through it without much trouble. I also went and took a look at my test, most of the mistakes I made were reasonable, but there was one question that me and my group of friends all missed because we think the question didn't clearly state what we were suppose to do. Since Professor Downing doesn't generally like the test questions to get out, I'm not going to go into any more details about it. But now we know what Professor Downing is looking for on tests, and will (hopefully) know what to do or ask on the next test. 
Also I wish we went more in-depth into gtest, because for Allocator, it wasn't very easy to understand some of the tests that Professor Downing had given us, or because I didn't look into doing the tests till much later in the project. As I said in the last post, I wish we used tools that were easy to set up on our own machines. Because not only can I not properly run all the coverage and profiling tools, but there are also other discrepancies. Such as, I will get suppressed memory leaks on my machines, but I will have no memory leaks when using the lab machines.



Tip Of The Week:  No technical tips this week so I'm going to give some life advice. Be the best you, you can be. Make choices you're future self will thank you for, be proud of, and not regret. If not, make sure you learn from them and make sure you grow them because if you don't you might as well live your life flipping a coin for every decision you make.