---
layout: post
title: I'm going to Nebraska!
---

We'll I got an internship at Hudl! I'm super excited for this opportunity as well as to get out of the state and to experience something new. After talking with the interviewers, I also think I made the right decision environment-wise. They seem like a super fun company to work for, and I'm really excited for the summer. I'm also really excited to find out what squad I'll be working with. I selected the ones that dealt with computer vision, and I really hope to get into one of them so I can get more experience.

Words of advise for other students looking for internships: don't give up! As it was my last summer in college, and I had yet to have a internship, I was kind of panicking. I applied to 11 different companies and 12 different positions, and that is only for spring semester. I probably applied to 5 or 6 companies last fall, but either way, I probably only got emails back from a quarter of them, and then only got emails for interviews from 5 of them. To be fair, the ones I haven't received emails from are the bigger companies, like Boeing, Lockheed, Visa, Amazon, and Adobe, where they probably get thousands of applicants a year. But all you have to do is KEEP APPLYING! It's hard to get that first internship, but after that, you have the experience that other companies want and you'll be more desirable. Also, study for you interviews. Look over you Big O algorithms, know you're data structures, practice some coding challenges, and go through [Cracking the Coding Interview Book](http://www.amazon.com/dp/098478280X/ref=cm_sw_su_dp).

I have about a week and a half till I leave for Nebraska, and right now the hardest part is packing for 3 months and fitting everything into 2 bags.

Until next time, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!

Ashley