---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 10
category: cs371p
---

This week we just went over the next project on Monday and then had a guest speaker on Wednesday. This next project, Darwin, is suppose to be the hardest from what I hear, but I think what makes it challenging is that we are sort of free to do what we want with it. We have to make the design decisions on what a function takes in and what it returns. The big requirements are that it must have the same board output as everyone and that we can't use getters or setters. Which I think is one of the harder parts of the project. So far my partner and me have made quite a lot of progress but we're not entirely sure if we have the design Professor Downing is looking for in our classes. On Wednesday, Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile came and talked to us about contributing to open source projects. I think he came and talked to my iOS class last semester, but I think he talked about animation then. 
This weekend Professor Downing opened up the portfolio extra credit, and I submitted it yesterday. Although I do understand the purpose of having a portfolio, why can't there be a standard site that everyone uses? Or why do we use seelio? I have my projects listed on my personal website, on LinkedIn, and now on [seelio](https://seelio.com/ashleyng). Although my seelio profile has more information on it, I just need to find the time to sit down and update my website. If I remember correctly, we had a Q&A with the recruiters while at my internship at Hudl, and I think they said they always look for your github profile/link.



Tip Of The Week:  Mechanical Keyboards are glorious.

I just got my first mechanical keyboard at the age of 23 and after 4 or 5 years as a computer science student. I have a pok3r with browns and a CODE keyboard with blues. As computer science students, who will be on the computer a lot, invest in a good keyboard. Should probably also invest in a good mouse and monitor at some point. 