---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 12
category: cs371p
---

Can we have thanksgiving break yet? Better yet, can I graduate yet? Motivation for assignments and projects is so low for me right now. I only have like three weeks of class left. But not a whole lot has been happening in class. Just normal classes, we did have Atlassian come and talk to use. It was very interesting on how they do their sprint planning and organize their Jira board. They have about a day in between sprints to re-organize things or do what ever needs to be done for the transition into the next sprint. Then they also use a point system for their Jira board. I'd like to read more about their development cycle, might try googling it whenever I have more free time. Having gone through twelve weeks of OOP now, I would have to agree with the things I have heard about the class. That it is more about learning c++ than it is about learning object oriented programming. Considering I have already taken the one-hour c++ class, it would of been nice to learn more about object oriented programming rather than c++ in class. 
This weeks assignment is the Game of Life, and it is actually quite similar to last weeks Darwin assignment. We've kind of started off making it such that it works with a homogeneous board first (either all Conway or all Fredkin cells). Not sure if this is the right approach, but we are doing it anyways. Maybe if I remember, I will write about how that approach went in the overall assignment.





Tip Of The Week:  I'm running out of tips. Hmmmm... make sure you now the requirments of the projects and assignments you do. There's nothing more frustrating that getting 20 points off because you forgot to submit a google form or you are one unit test short of the required amount.

