---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 6
category: cs371p
---

Not a whole lot went on this week. No projects were due, didn't start learning about the next assignment since we have our test this coming week. I'm not too worried about the test (even though this is probably one of my more difficult classes), but I think it's because it's going to be a purely coding test. I know C++ fairly well, and Professor Downing has said that he won't ask question about the readings. Which is a plus, since I don't have to go back and review the readings that I did miss. One things I am kind of worried/confused on is that we're allowed to have a cheatsheet, but not allowed to have code. I guess my question and concern is if I do have something that isn't allowed, will they allow me to black it out rather then have them take it away? Also while studying for this exam this weeking, I was redoing some of the stuff we did in class, implementing a function and writing test for it and comparing it to the standard library function. Google Test is a pain! At least for the amount of time we've had with it. But I tried to put function implemenation in the .c++ file, have the normal header file so that other pieces of code (testing suit) could call it. And I could not get it to work. The problem (from what stackoverflow has said), is that the testing suit executable needed to be linked with the function implemenation file. I tried searching for some examples and tried different things, but couldn't get it to work. So I just ended up putting the function implementation in the header file. 

Tip Of The Week: Looking for some free icons that don't require you to site artist, pay to use, or have to use illegally? Checkout [Icon Finder](https://www.iconfinder.com/). You can search for icons and then narrow down your search to free one. I've used it for my personal website as well as some class projects.