---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 8
category: cs371p
---

We just got our test grades back, and I didn't do as well as I thought but I still passed. So I guess that's good. It looks like it might be the same situation as it was in SWE, where the projects carry me in the class as well as the extra credit. But I'm interested to see what I missed cause I didn't think I did that bad on the test. I jumped from being top ten in the class and now I'm in the 50s :(
Also we started learning about the next assignment at the start of the week, and it seemed pretty easy when he explained it, but when I actually sad down to write it I found it kind of difficult to test whether I was doing it correct and just hacking away at the little fixes. But I forgot that you could test private functions by doing something with gtest. But I think I figured it out now and just need to write the unit tests. But after working on this assignment, I wish we worked with tools that were easier to set up to run on our own computers locally. I did try to set up the dev environment on my machine but was unsuccessful as well as the profiling tool didn't really work on the mac. So I've had to change the makefile based on whether I'm on my computer or if I'm on the CS lab machine. So it can sometimes be a pain to switch from my machine to the lab machine or to work through ssh-ing into the lab machines and using vim.


Tip Of The Week: [Big Nerd Ranch](https://www.bignerdranch.com/we-write/)
Their books are really good, I've used a few of their books when I was trying to learn iOS on my own and currently have one to try and teach my self to make OSX Cocoa apps.

