---
layout: cs371p-post
title: Week 14
category: cs371p
---

I am done with the semester, and I am done with college. This last week was definitely to hardest to get through. Not just on work load, but just being so close to graduation. Motivation was tough. Definitely did not study as much as I wish I could of and as much as I should of for the test. I definitely was not completely prepared for the test, but after talking to some of my friends, it seems like a lot of us were not expecting some of the questions asked. I definitely should of started studying over thanksgiving, but I just needed a break from school and work. Here's the [repo](https://bitbucket.org/ashley_ng/cs371p-test2/src/e68eb7dcd4720eab6255c6e7665c3a6901d35cb4/?at=master) if you care to look, but again, I didn't study as much as I should of, so there is a lot less files in this one than the one I had for test one. We still haven't received grades for project Life yet, but I think (and hope) everything is enough to get me to pass. 
Professor Downing set up a facebook group to keep in touch with past students, and I am happy to of taken both his OOP and SWE class while I have been at UT. I hope that sometime in the future, I will be able to come back to talk to one of his classes to make everything come full circle. 
Just as many have probably heard, you need to take a Downing class, and I am going to tell you the same. He gives you so many real world experiences with using Git and the development cycle. It defiantly will help you in the real world. As someone who's taken both of his classes, I cannot say which one is better; it is completely based on what you want to get out of it. If you want to do more web development and full-stack engineer, then take SWE. If you want to get more familiar with C++ then take OOP. 



Tip Of The Week: 

Sorry I don't have some spectacular tip for the last week. But all I have to say for the last week is to study. It will get tough because of other classes and just because you are just mentally done with the semester, but just but in the effort to pass the classes.